the situation for Palestinians is
getting worse in Northern Gaza there is
an ongoing Water Crisis it has become
very difficult for people to get water
as the Israeli occupation forces have
destroyed all water wells according to
what has been announced by the northern
Gaza emergency committee trucks loaded
with water are now being brought in from
Gaza City in an attempt to help people
here as you can see people are gathering
around the truck to get some water
I have no energy I can't carry the water
we came here with our children and
grandchildren to get a gallon of water
which is not enough at all we need more
water for us only to drink in the north
of Gaza we have starvation and the
severe shortage of drinking water the
water here is mixed with sewage which
poses a great danger to People's
Health the current situation here in
jabalia refugee camp is very difficult
wait a long time for the water truck to
arrive and to get one gallon or one
bucket of water just to drink there's
famine and we Face
starvation here in Northern Gaza we
suffer from lack of everything what can
one gallon of water do per
day the water shortage adds a lot to the
suffering of the people here in Northern
Gaza as the Israeli occupation forces
have destroyed all the wells in water
and sewage Networks sh Al
sh make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer